Readme.md, before:

# QuickdrawJS
## A Wild-West Adventure through Javascript

QuickdrawJS: the world's first Wild West adventure about typing Javascript accurately!

## TWO MODES
### Shooting Gallery
Takes in an arbitrary-length string of code (as textfile, XML, or HTML) and transforms it into a Wild West shooting gallery!

Type the letters as they appear. Go as fast as you can. Each time you miss, you lose a point. Each time you hit, you get a point.

- Spaces will prompt you when they appear.
- Reload on newlines ('\n') by pressing ENTER!

### Duel
For two players. Played on the same computer. One player types the code that appears. The other player controls the mouse.

When the typing player makes a mistake, a small opportunity will appear for the mouse-controlling player to click and FIRE! If the mouse-controlling player clicks outside of that window, the typing player can press the spacebar to FIRE!

Player alternate after each code block.

> Created by Zachary Caceres for Stackathon, 2017
Read more about my stuff [here](www.zachcaceres.com).

Commit message:

fix: add note to readme about duel mode

Readme.md, after:

# QuickdrawJS
## A Wild-West Adventure through Javascript

QuickdrawJS: the world's first Wild West adventure about typing Javascript accurately!

## TWO MODES
### Shooting Gallery
Takes in an arbitrary-length string of code (as textfile, XML, or HTML) and transforms it into a Wild West shooting gallery!

Type the letters as they appear. Go as fast as you can. Each time you miss, you lose a point. Each time you hit, you get a point.

- Spaces will prompt you when they appear.
- Reload on newlines ('\n') by pressing ENTER!

### Coming Soon: A New Duel Mode!
> Note: A basic duel mode was written for the hackathon, but was removed because the gameplay proved too confusing for players.

For two players. Played on the same computer. One player types the code that appears. The other player controls the mouse.

When the typing player makes a mistake, a small opportunity will appear for the mouse-controlling player to click and FIRE! If the mouse-controlling player clicks outside of that window, the typing player can press the spacebar to FIRE!

Player alternate after each code block.

> Created by Zachary Caceres for Stackathon, 2017
Read more about my stuff [here](www.zachcaceres.com).
